hi today I'm going to teach you my sir
masala dosa for this first we have to
grind the batter generally a raw rice
along with rice flakes and auradon is
soaked together to make a paste and
allowed to ferment but today I am going
to add to our dal that is red gram dal
also along with that and little drama is
added at the end that is after
fermentation so it makes a lot of
difference and there is a masala which
is little different from regular South
Indian masala raw rice one cup rice
flakes 1/4 cup black gram dal 1
tablespoon apron fenugreek seeds 1/2
teaspoon find raava another 1/2
tablespoons salt to taste sugar half a
teaspoon little butter to our dal 1
tablespoon boiled crumbled potatoes 250
gram finely cut onions 1/4 cup turmeric
powder little 3 flakes of garlic few red
chillies soaked first you have to soak
all these ingredients allow it to soak
for 2 to 3 hours grind it into a paste
add salt at the end the consistency of
batter should be like this and this
should allow to ferment until next today
that is almost 15 to 20 hours we need to
ferment it just before pouring dosa add
half a teaspoon of sugar and 1/2 and 1/2
tablespoons of rava this gives Chris
penis at the same time when sugar is
added prepared the dosa will be crisp
and brown mix it properly just before
pouring the dosa that is after
fermentation boil the potato in a
pressure cooker for one or two whistles
peel the skin and crumble it coarsely
like this I have used the beta key
chillies which is like this which is
crumbled and it is less spicy but it
will give a good color just put it in
the mix see
along with few garlic pieces according
to a test grind it a taste
heat little oil in a pan and finally cut
onion
try it well and then add ground paste
now the onions started browning add the
ground paste at this stage Pfeifer one
or two minutes until that raw flavor of
the garlic is lost add boiled potatoes
little turmeric powder very little water
allow these to cook for few minutes
until masala turns dry add salt
squeeze lemon
and mix it well now the masala is ready
eater those happen and take a ladle full
of the butter fermented batter pour it
in the center
this can be roasted on one side itself
no need to turn it over
now spread the masala
now generally this muscle is spread
throughout the dosa mismeasured masala
dosa add little butter in the center
fold it like a triangle so this heart
along with coconut chutney